made dressage after the nk
national coach wim ernes his selection for
the world equestrian games known
it becomes gal with glock's undercover
Adelinde Cornelissen with Jerich Parzival
as Peter withholds with clubs Johnson
and danielle heijkoop with kingsley siro
defend the dutch in normandy
honour
we go there I think you have anyway
joining the model is how the team
competition will be germany's favorite
there must be how to create but we have
in Aachen you see that there is also the de
toppers van der geer take photo on that
the moment that happens then we must
we would jump in it and then
can perhaps were eyes watching
government
well that starts now because yes ok first work
You still know you after the Negro champion
Community
it is still a bit in your hands
build-up phase because you are actually yes here
you can never actually peak because you
remain in top shape for too long
and therefore decided to do all of that
just use it as a type of training
take and we hope to Normandy
can peak like to be the one
world championships for the trails
special van van de weg like us
call that
we wanted issue in games that is there
all disciplines at the same time
so the Olympic Games come together
for the horses
a second place at the nk today
a selection in the pocket for the de
to play worldwide
yes all sounds good yes I am whole
satisfied
I had expected a little bit
it would also sit well but it
he remains the moment the
national coach sjef of you can come and i have
now the last matches are good
both performed the observation
competitions well ridden
seo rotterdam and studied twice
and here you bring it to it for sure
become second
but well it always stays that moment
it is decided and yes I am very happy
I sit there another important
goal in addition to naturally achieving
medals is qualification for rio and now
already yes that is a mine objective
who actually have to leave
we pick up all your items according to the
international bonded the ev us
we must be qualified for ion
again against the NRC that has formally
approve what we're going to do to you now
those few last weeks to the man
who first gets a pair undercover
days rest and then rebuild quietly
and then we continue training where we are
remained and
yes look like this at the end of the month so yes
I think we'll be a good one for that
are a training camp in two weeks
will put the last dots on the i
both in terms of technical and
regarding the team building
yes then we must be ready for that
for the world championships
when will you be satisfied if i have it
good feeling do n't mind a mistake
if i feel good feel that
feel that I have control
obedience is that it is sharp
and that he is
yes checked actually remains then
I have the good feeling
yes and also a bit like anchor too
are satisfied the world rider games are
from August 24 to September 7